Agile-Tools
===========

Agile-Tools is a set of HTML5 tools for mobile devices.
So far following tools have been planned

Sprint Backlog Burner
---------------------
*In theory*, people update the sprint backlog board as tasks get run. *In practice*,
people update hours left on their task every day in the daily scrum. S(o)M(ebody)
then updates sprint burndown chart. One way to do that is to write down how many hours 
were reducted from (or added to) each task and sum them up together.

This application is intended to make easier to update sprint burndown.
You enter estimated size and sprint start and end dates at sprint planning.
Then every daily scrum you record those changes in hours left and at the end of the 
scrum update commit those changes to hour estimate. In the first phase app will do
the sums and calculate hours left, but hopefully it will later have burndown charts, too.

Virtual Planning Poker Deck
---------------------------
This allows team member to use his or her mobile device as a virtual 
planning poker deck. He or she selects a card and shows it when voting.
Planned features is syncing reveal of cards to external server or using
motion sensor to do it (3 shakes?).

TDD State Tracker
-----------------
This reports TDD with "familiar" red = unit test, green = implement, blue = refactor colors.
It will update state based on current state and status of unit tests. In first implementation
it assumes to be part of qunit test page. It will also store state in local store allowing 
page reload and re-opening.
